Remove myself from PR template (#2454)
huggingface/blog: .github/pull_request_template.md

Once this is done and once all the steps above are completed, you should be able to merge.
There is no need for additional reviews if you and your co-authors are happy and meet all of the above.

> Feel free to add @pcuenca as reviewers if you want a final check. They'll be biased toward light reviews

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feel free to add @pcuenca as a reviewer if you want a final check. Keep in mind he'll be biased toward light reviews
```
